See the tax and silver in the fourteen southern states that Emperor Aiqing and Ning Ranchen secretly investigated?
It's settled
Report to the Emperor
The disaster food in the south is ready
Good yeah
I got off the boat and went back to the bedroom, and I'm still so busy
Does it take a 24-hour lunch break to be an emperor?
Oh wow.
Is this the legendary jade seal?
It looks like this
Ah!
Wow, so much!
If this were my hand, I'd have to break it.
Your injury is not healed yet.
I just want my head to move
Ahhh what
You said you want my head to move, but I'm not running yet?
If you really offend me
The world is so big
Where are you going?
It is the king of the whole country
However, the emperor
You are so busy
I still have time to pretend to be a guard and come to the cold palace to tease me
I'm not pretending
When did I not wear a sundress?
You don't wear dragon robes and wander around in plain clothes. What's the matter?
You think dragon robes are easy to wear
Dozens of floors inside and out
You want to plant dead people?
Hmm, let's talk about it
I went to the cold palace at night
Sleep with your concubine
How can you just wander around?
Ah!
My back hurts and my butt hurts.
Your Majesty, I will lie down first